chore: beautify commands (#57)
algorandfoundation/algorun-tui: README.md

## algorun

Manage Algorand nodes from the command line

### Synopsis

                                                                                                    
<img alt="Terminal Render" src="/assets/nodekit.png" width="65%">                                             
                                                                                                    
                                                                                                    
Manage Algorand nodes from the command line                                                         
                                                                                                    
Overview:                                                                                           

> Welcome to Algorun, a TUI for managing Algorand nodes.                                              
> A one stop shop for managing Algorand nodes, including node creation, configuration, and management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to Algorun, a terminal user interface for managing Algorand nodes.                                              
This is your one stop shop for managing Algorand nodes, including node creation, configuration, and management.
```
